very good How are you my kids How are you
my lordship you'll be missing me
a lot on Facebook but I do
n't know what's happening but in the last
week it won't let me access my account it won't
let me access my Facebook page
the other day I managed very successfully to
publish the video well publish not
advertise it on my Facebook page
but it's giving me a lot of problems on
the Facebook page it's a shame because the
truth is that I was excited about your
lordship and it won't let me access But well
I'll try to fix it I'll try to contact
someone to see what can be done one
more day we are here to comment to
bring you one more video commenting on the
last episode of the Rocio
Carrasco documentary we're going on number 10 if I'm not
mistaken there are only three episodes left
But that doesn't mean that the soap opera
ends here because then there will be
interviews Rocio Flores has
an interview pending on Ana
Rosa's program and surely very surely
Antonio David will appear somewhere
talking this episode has been
focused on his relationship not relationship with his
son David Flores and trying to answer
many questions that people had not like
okay you're fighting with your daughter don't
you  you talk to your daughter you don't want a
relationship with your daughter but with your son
what is it I see this episode as a
justification and before
the fans of Rocio Carrasco get down my throat no
and all the people who support Rocio Carrasco
I want to make it very clear that I
always make it clear in every video that I don't
blindly support the other side I
always say what I repeat a thousand
times I would have heard myself say if you
have seen all my videos It is that
to know all the truth all the
true fruits you have to take a
little bit here a little bit there a little bit
here a little bit of each part Okay
then We will draw conclusions in
this episode there are things that I
believed like in all of them and there are things that I didn't
but the truth is that it seemed to me an
episode to justify there is no
argument that you say [ __ ] No wonder he
talks to us no no to me it
all seems like justifications but well before
starting with the video of course a
little intro a little Well a
little comment on a couple of things
Carlota corredera now in each episode she
makes a little introduction that to
me seems More like  a monologue from the
Comedy Club and this time it
has focused on pointing out that one of the
gentlemen who were at the door of
the courts not because I have to
testify recently a couple of
weeks ago or a week ago I don't remember
when it was Rocío Carrasco for the lawsuit
that Antonio David has filed and there
met there at the door to the courts
a series of people no I mean they have to
do something with their lives the truth with some
signs of stop feminazi you know that
I do not support okay I do not support under any
circumstances the harassment and the scrache neither for
one side nor the other I may
agree more with one than with the other but to
me the fact that these gentlemen go to the
door of a court with some of
these little signs feminazi is that I do not know what they
intend the truth I mean You are not going to
solve anything nor are you going to harm
anything in the case But well I imagine that they
must do something with their lives the
thing is that it has come out that one of the
gentlemen who are dedicated to this no and that it
is not the first time apparently that I have already
done it on another occasion one of  the
gentlemen who were at the door with one
of the little signs of every feminazi was
denounced by Pablo Iglesias who well you
know that I do not like him but
that a person is not to my liking does not
mean that I do not support that
certain things happen to him or that certain things are done to him
and one of the people who was
at the door of the courts with the
little sign of these feminazi It turns out
that it has been discovered that he was denounced
by Pablo Iglesias supposedly
allegedly for alleged harassment
then another thing that we would have to
enter to assess is what they
called harassment what
Pablo Iglesias calls harassment for him to denounce
this man but well what I am going to do
is not to talk about Podemos Carlota
corredera begins the program with a little
speech saying and relating
Antonio David with this gentleman based
on the fact that once at the door of the courts he
greeted him you tell me Carlota
corredera What is your fault that
someone greets you on the street tell me you tell
me What is your fault and what would be your
attitude If a person you do not know and  he
speaks to you kindly you greet him on the
street I often don't think I
'm the king of Spain here but every now and then
someone greets me on
the street I don't know the depth of
that person I don't know if he is
dedicated to that person I don't know if that
person is good or bad someone
approaches me on the street kindly
greets me shakes my hand or asks me for a photo
then I greet him politely Antonio
David is not to blame that on another occasion
this man at the door of the courts
greets him like this and shook his hand I mean it's
not like Antonio David was
stirring up all this escrache like that to
Rocío because he doesn't give a damn in fact I
think that is what interests him the least not
because of things like these that can be
attributed or blamed on him Look at you what a
relationship that forms more ugly and more
despicable and more vaccine of relationship between
Antonio David and what those people do I
mean he is not guilty he is not
guilty he is not responsible it's as if we
directly blame Rocío Carrasco
for the papering of the streets of
Malaga and the  area where Antonio
David lives with posters of abuser no that's
not true Carlota and well one thing that I
also found very funny about this
monologue is that Carlota corredera says
that once again tonight
her side will win no I mean she considers it like I do
n't know if a video game I don't know if like a
Street Fighter battle but like
her side wins no And she also says one
more night and there are 10 the
truth is that it's not Rocio Carrasco's side that's going to win
According to her you tell me Carlota
corredera What are you calling winning because yes
on Telecinco and well not on Telecinco
Because they were Ana Rosa for example not on
Sálvame everyone blindly has to
support Rocio Carrasco but not on the
street and not on social networks either
if we do a survey of three for Rocio
Carrasco or you don't believe her I think that the
majority of people don't believe her eh
Carlota corredera we are going to do an
experiment and we are going to have a vote
in this video I want you to like the
video if you don't believe Rocio Carrasco  and
dislike And if you believe her let's see how
the poll turns out and well Carlota
corredera if you call winning that
Antena 3 is gaining an advantage over you in
audiences then you tell me not what they
are looking for What a shame eh What a shame
a channel that was the audience leader
eh You are going to screw it today for real and this little
number of York IKEA getting so
emotional that you cry
when they show the video of
Rocío Carrasco and Fidel's wedding as if it were
your wedding as if it were
your mother's wedding this is already crossing the line
of flattery really that we are not going to get
any of the inheritance we are lamentable And
look how much I like Alba Carrillo on
TV and I liked her a lot in Big
Brother but you have to see
how the mother has been on Twitter eh I
mean Olga Moreno has been a
necessary collaborator jail for Antonio David and
Olga Moreno Olga a Shameless
has never loved Rocío and David has
used them to screw the mother she is the
useful idiot Olga an accomplice in abuse and
humiliation after posting these
tweets this lady the next day
came out a kind of rectification
going around cable obviously because it
can if it hasn't been reported yet
but you can look for a
pretty big legal problem saying that she that what she
wanted to say was not the word
abuse in the criminal section only
as an insult and humiliation what are you
talking about Lucia relative what are you
talking about Lucia no what did you put I'm
asking for jail calling the accomplice of
abuse Of course you were accusing her
of a real crime I hope that
all these people who speak so
lightly get their corresponding
lawsuit because you can't label
people in this way so
freely and to finish with the
introduction I want to add something
important that I forgot to mention
in the previous video you know that there are
snacks coming out during the week that
in the end I have to Add to the
next video And it is that at a specific moment
in episode 9 we see how they show
Rocío Carrasco a video in which Kiko
Matamoros claims to have met
Antonio David in a private clinic and
that once there we do not know from
whom  If a
doctor doesn't say who she finds out from, they don't
tell her that apparently
Rocío was supposedly not taking the
child to the doctor on some occasions when he had to
take him and Rocío claims that she has
taken legal action against Kiko
Matamoros, what Kiko Matamoros says is a lie.
I have spoken with the hospital, I
have a certificate from the neurologist
because that is in a
civil procedure. I have acted against Kiko
Matamoros for this, it is the
specific moment of that episode in which he
says that, no, he has taken
legal action in a civil court against Kiko
Matamoros for making those statements,
a funny thing, well funny in
quotes, not funny for us who
laugh at these things, but a
curious thing that is also commented on here is that
he says a phrase referring to himself here as Matamoros and to Gustavo González saying that the three of them have a lot in common, or rather, understand it as you want, okay, it seems to me that he intends to label others, well, anyway, you
have understood me perfectly, not the
same thing he did with Alessandro Lequio  It is
very important that I remind you of this
part of the previous episode to make you
see the manipulation of the documentary and be careful
with this I do not mean that she is
doing it 100% and that
absolutely everything she is saying
is false but yes a certain
positioning when it comes to telling us
things and not only on
her part but on the part of the people who have
put this together this documentary is
perfectly scripted to manipulate
the minds of people who do not give much
thought to things and who are not
too skeptical okay she gets
carried away it is by feelings and so you can
see the half truths no and the
way of omitting information It turns out
that here Rocío claims that this is
in a civil procedure when days
later after seeing the episode Kiko
Matamoros confirms that this procedure
was dismissed that it leads to no
part But she does not say that in the
documentary she acts in a rather
advantageous liar you are referring to Rocío
Carrasón
in my case when she records this she
knows perfectly well that her lawsuit has
been dismissed and has not been admitted
and that is obvious here the easy thing is to
shoot the  little soldiers But well
those trials have been made with
directors producers etcetera I would
like to know if she already knew when she recorded
the documentary that this lawsuit, let's see
in truth she can't be accused of
lying because if you notice
What she says is that she should take
action but she doesn't say that it has been
rejected she hasn't lied she has simply
omitted information but I would
like to know why to influence
people not as if saying look look I
am right because I reported But
why don't you add that this lawsuit was not
admitted and well to summarize
episode number 10 and to comment on the
most important part I am going to touch on three
points in this video one the episode in which
the child is admitted and the mother does not go to
see him because she is going to an event for Mila
Ximénez where she is promoting a cream or
something like that two the episode of
Rocío Carrasco's wedding with Fidel the wedding
that her son does not attend
today's trending topic it has no [ __ ] as is we
will talk about everything to put you in
context there is an episode that has been
talked about a lot During the last  years
in which Rocío Carrasco's youngest son is admitted
while he is on one
of the fortnights that he is supposed to be
with his father and according to the other party,
Ro Barracos finds out because the
hospital or the clinic calls her on the
phone and she does not go to visit her son, she does
not go near the hospital or anything
like that and she shows up at night at an
event, a Mila Ximénez party, this
is true, okay, this is true that it was like that,
she went to that event, in fact, she
recognizes it in this episode and in fact,
Mila Ximénez in Big Brother also
confirmed it, the thing is that the version that
Rocío Carrasco tells has some
different nuances because what she says is that
the clinic does call her, but
simply to ask for it as an
administrative procedure because to
discharge the child, they need permission from
the mother or some papers from the mother or
for the mother to send something, but that from
the clinic they affirm that he is admitted for
a few hours but that he is leaving
because he is well, so she told me
that she remains calm. Here I want to
criticize one thing for both parties and that is that it
surprises me and  It is equally outrageous
the lack of communication that
these parents have with their
children. There is one thing that you have to keep in mind
Clara, no matter how much conflict you
have and I say this for both of you with
your ex-partner, no matter how badly you get along, no matter how
much trial you have pending, no matter how
much you pull each other's hair out, no matter what
happens if you have children that
is for life and no matter how much
you dislike it, it makes you uncomfortable or it causes trauma to have to
communicate with the other party,
I believe that at certain moments in
life it is obligatory to do so, there is no other option, there is no other option.
I believe that
on this occasion instead of Rocío having to
find out because the hospital
calls her for a procedure that her son
has been admitted, I believe that it is the father
who has to somehow
communicate to the mother that the son has had to be
admitted and I say this both
for Antonio David and for Rocío
Carrasco because later we have an
episode in which Rocío refuses to
contact Antonio David directly
regarding the wedding, which we will
discuss. More later, but as I
say, it is that I  It's mind-blowing the lack of
communication between these parents no matter
how divorced you are, no matter how many
conflicts you have, no matter how big
the conflicts are. There are
specific moments that are very strong and
very serious, so you have to
make a phone call by force, whatever it takes if you do
n't want to speak directly.
Well, tell Olga, Olga. Call Rocio. Look,
Rocio, I'm Olga. Look, good afternoon.
Sorry to bother you. I just wanted to
let you know that your son had to be
admitted for this, for this, for this, so you
know. Olga, call Fidel, Fidel.
Look, good afternoon. Look. Sorry to
bother you, but there has to be
communication no matter how uncomfortable,
how aggressive, and whatever the
moment is, and well. On the other hand, I like
Rocio Carrasco's excuse that she doesn't call
the hospital directly to see how
her son is, I mean, no matter how much the
hospital or the clinic tells you, no, he's not
okay, we've discharged him, he's fine. I don't
know what you call then you call
your son directly or you call the father
or you call someone who lives in his house,
but you have to call or  well, I wouldn't
rest easy as a father until I
spoke directly with my son, I'm not
going to wait until the fortnight has passed, I
mean, if you're going to a Mila Ximénez event
for a cream, you can have
transport, we have opinions, planned
in time, it doesn't prevent you from going to see your
son because it doesn't prevent you from going to a
cream presentation event,
trauma, I don't know what chronic in time,
really, in this case I don't give a damn
if your son has been hospitalized, you
communicate with your son and if that implies
that you have to call the father, you call him, it would be
natural for you, no trauma or
whatever, if you don't have trauma and you don't have I do
n't know what chronic To go to
an event and to present the talk with
them and to have a good time on
specific occasions, I think you
can make a call or even take a car and
go to Malaga and see your son, I
think, eh, then we have the episode of the
wedding, no, it turns out that Rocío Carrasco has
voluntarily given them the summer
Antonio David in good faith because the son
wants to stay with the father all
summer with the father and  the sisters but
she through her lawyer sends an
email to his lawyer to warn him
of the wedding date not that they are
pending the date of her wedding
which is in September and that the father
warns what day he is going to give the son
back to prepare him for the wedding not
To count on him It turns out that
Antonio David's lawyer apparently
gives him the runaround and tells him to talk to
Antonio David and directly if you want to
know something the whole summer goes by the child does
not appear the wedding is celebrated without the
child with this I don't like it either
sincerely this gives me the
feeling that you have not had a real
interest in your son being in a tube
also it seems to me that you had a
great time at your wedding a wedding that lasted
three days that had many preparations
that you have been very happy with your
new partner of 17 years but I am referring to your
new husband and that you have not
worried much 100% that this of
yours There it is no matter how much you
send an email to the lawyer if the lawyer
gives you the runaround if you are seeing that
the day of your wedding is approaching and the child does not Give
signs okay And  the child doesn't show up
there in a bad way in a bad way no matter how much
you want to avoid it Calling the father in a
bad way in a bad way when
the days are approaching three or four days
before you hit the phone Hey Antonio
David are you going to bring me the child or what's going on it's
my wedding and if he doesn't answer the
phone you'll end up in Malaga Hey what's
going on with the child you have to
give him to me but no Rocío Carrasco doesn't do
any of these actions because she says
well the traumas she has
the things that have happened how is he going to
show up there how is she going to call him
that the father would use those calls
to insult her on the phone to
tell her Well I'm going to take away your I don't know what I don't
know how much Look Rocío Carrasco
really the excuse of the traumas no
please and the little story that you're
getting scared Because if you call him on the
phone he's going to start
insulting you either if it's true that he
picks up the phone and tells you all those
things and you're filing a complaint
for gender violence it would come to you It would
come to you  [ __ ] mother he
started insulting you on the phone you
record it and present it in the complaint you
filed for gender violence So
you call to ask when the
[ __ ] he's going to bring your child back what's
happening with the child there are three four
days left until the wedding and he's not giving any
signs that he's going to give him back to you And
if the father starts insulting you on the
phone you record it you record it and his
hair falls out it doesn't occur to me
that that guy no matter how many things you have is going to
start insulting her on the
phone and saying that stupid thing because
he's not an idiot he may have many things
but he's not an idiot he's not going to start
telling you on the phone I'm going to take your
son away from you I've already taken a [ __ ] daughter of a
[ __ ] any of that because he knows he
can record it and even more when he knows that
every moment for blinking she is no
Rocío Carrasco from my point of view
my opinion is that you used the excuse
that his lawyer gave you the runaround and
that he wasn't showing interest in
giving you back the child you idiots  worry
too and that the wedding wasn't a day
like my wedding I take it No matter how much I'm afraid of the
father that he'll insult me
whatever I take it and call or call
Fidel the being of light picks up Fidel the
phone calls Olga or Antonio David hey
excuse me You're going to bring the child and if
Antonio David gets Farruko then even
more of a demand it doesn't make
sense really the excuses they make do
n't make sense regarding the
wedding episode one thing I want to comment
in favor of Rocio Carrasco and against
these programs is this phrase that is
underlined here worth it has been said for a long time
So you can see How
powerful a lie is The more
times you repeat it and you repeat it many
times in the end it ends up becoming the
truth you've all probably heard in fact
I think in one of the first
videos it was like I didn't affirm it but I said
that it was said that Rocio when they
asked her when they interviewed her on
her wedding day she said that at her wedding
were those who had to Well it
seems that she has been given a lot of stick with
this statement apparently she didn't
say it she said it  the magazine that was
once Hola magazine a journalist
says it Okay but it's not a quoted text
like Rocío says it or anything
the journalist herself says it's only
those who had to be there those who in one
way or another had been part of
their 16 year love story at some point
ok I mean she doesn't say it it's not
that she said those who have to be are there
like sleeping with her son no
the magazine didn't say it and this is to blame
you yourselves the ones who are
now creating an atmosphere against Antonio
David and putting it like everything
Rocío Carrasco does because that's the
atmosphere that's being created like
everything Rocío Carrasco says is
perfect we don't have to question
any of her attitudes or any of
the things she does everything
Rocío Carrasco does is perfection a goddess
if Rocío Carrasco gets angry and scolds
someone great a round of applause if Rocío
Carrasco messes with someone insults
someone or whatever perfect everything
she does is perfect incorrigible and
finally the episode not in the  that
the trial is taking place in which
the judge decides that the child has to
stay at Antonio David's house according to
Olga well Olga all the
media and the interviews
that Antonio David gave told the mother when
leaving the trial she runs into the child she doesn't even
greet him It's true that they don't even greet him and she
looks at him at least she doesn't even greet him what there are
two different versions of
how it happened according to
Antonio David and Olga The mother leaves the
trial runs into the child she doesn't even
look at his face and doesn't greet him because of the
vagini or I don't know how I don't know what she
means she says seriously you're not going to
greet him and the version that Rocío
Carrasco tells is that when leaving the trial it
's true that she runs into her
son but the cat that was touching the
child's face turns it away and prevents the
mother from seeing And then Rocío Carrasco says that
Olga didn't tell her absolutely anything that
she rociíto was about to leave for
Olga aggressively plan not like I'm going to
her I'm going to her but they
had to grab me And what a lie that
Olga told her something like
seriously you're not going to greet your son because
Olga wouldn't have the courage to tell her that
call him emphasize no
[ __ ] this phrase is trending up until the
moment I'm recording this video
because the people who support Rocio
Carrasco and all the allies and all the
feminists are applauding this
behavior here we can see once
again the selective feminism that
these people have regarding what Rocio
Flores was people have her already sentenced
for life and they don't forgive her okay they
find it an unforgivable act the fact
that Rocio Flores attacked her mother
Rocio Flores attacked her mother a
decade ago when she was a
rebellious teenager and all the feminists have her
sentenced for life
unforgivable she doesn't forget it but Rocio
Carrasco claims to have been about to
attack another woman
outside the courts okay almost 40
years old or 40 years old I don't know how old she was at
that moment just three four years ago
and the feminists are applauding it
brava ole you brava even  they are
making memes okay with the issue that
Olga doesn't have the [ __ ] to confront
Rocio Carrasco I would like you to
explain to me the logic of this with a
woman we are not from Sonora for nothing it is worth it to
a woman already a mistake that she has made in
her adolescence Rebel we condemn her for
life she has no forgiveness she has no forgiveness
that is worth it not even a decade later
but if Rocio Carrasco claims to have been about to
leave aggressively
for another woman for Olga Moreno
being 40 years old who was not a
teenager brave
brave What selective feminism is this and
what kind of behavior do we applaud
please call me a prude or call me
whatever you want but for me the issue of
fights and physical aggression is a
very big thing in fact I
see this issue of physical aggression as
near-dental I do not see it as a delay not
when things can be solved in
another way and in fact I am very afraid of
physical fights Although I believe that two
adults hitting each other is not the
same as two children okay two children hitting each other They
get hurt or  whatever but
two adults can hit each other
hard and leave you on the spot or
cause serious injury so
I think things are resolved in
another way I would never applaud this type
of behavior no matter who it comes from
unless there is another justification if
you tell me that you see Olga hitting
her son or treating him badly that Olga
hits her first then I see it as
justifiable that she returns
the aggression but you tell me
that you went there for Olga because you
turned your face away from the child and because she is being
affectionate with the child I
would prefer that a person that
I don't like treats my children well
Guatemala let's see if Olga chooses to
face the child and you cross paths with them
the most logical thing would not have been for you to
go and say David hey honey is
here mom what's wrong with you passing 3 kilos of
Olga you didn't have the chance to greet
your son the excuse is that Olga turned her
face away and that you got aggressive and they
had to grab you for real  It doesn't
work for me. I think the true version is
the one Olga tells, that I don't think
Olga would turn her face away from the
child because it wouldn't make sense to
take the child to court and
when he crosses paths with the mother, facing her
doesn't make sense. Also, I think that
if Rocío Carrasco had wanted to say hello
to the child, it doesn't matter if the other one kisses him
and grabs his face, that is, you approach
and you say it's that you're crossing paths with him
David what's going on and you greet him, you didn't
greet him because you didn't feel like it, but I do
think that Olga and Antonio David
add their nuance, they don't add their part of
the story when they say that Olga tells him that
seriously you're not going to greet him, I
think Olga didn't say anything to him in the first
place because she's nobody, she's not the
child's mother nor is she anybody to tell the
mother whether to greet him or not, that would
correspond to the father in particular, but I
find it incredible that that is the
excuse and that people are
applauding her for not greeting her son,
point number one, it seems to me  It's unfortunate that
people who applauded and you think it's okay with
behavior in which a person
says they were about to attack
another without a valid justification.
Likewise, there is no excuse, I could have
taken it and said hello, The kid
and nothing, gentlemen, I don't think I've left
anything important out to comment on in
this episode. Anyway, I will
continue making videos on the subject and
commenting on it. Remember that if you like
my videos, subscribe to my channel, which is
totally free, you just have to click the
button that says subscribe, and
that I have a secondary channel where I do
live broadcasts every day, if you can't see
the live broadcasts because I've done them now, which is
not convenient, if you become members, you
can become members only
from 90 feelings and you
help me a lot. Especially because the
videos made by Rocío Carrasco do not
monetize, I will leave the link in the
description, okay in case you want to support me
and nothing, your honor, we'll see each other in the
next video and it's a pleasure to have you
here.